Wed, March 28 - 13:49 
 
images\assets\profile
images\assets\profile\IMG_5427 (1).jpg	<--> started processing
images\assets\profile\IMG_5427 (1).jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\assets\profile\Thumbs.db	<--> started processing
 
ERROR: 
images\assets\profile\Thumbs.db
Details:	This image is not considered an image that can be added
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
 
 
images\slideshow
images\slideshow\image0.jpg	<--> started processing
images\slideshow\image0.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\slideshow\image1.jpg	<--> started processing
images\slideshow\image1.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\slideshow\image2.jpg	<--> started processing
images\slideshow\image2.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\slideshow\image3.jpg	<--> started processing
images\slideshow\image3.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\slideshow\image4.jpg	<--> started processing
images\slideshow\image4.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\slideshow\image5.jpg	<--> started processing
images\slideshow\image5.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\slideshow\image6.jpg	<--> started processing
images\slideshow\image6.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\slideshow\Thumbs.db	<--> started processing
 
ERROR: 
images\slideshow\Thumbs.db
Details:	This image is not considered an image that can be added
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
 
 
images\gallery\Location
images\gallery\Location\image1.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1a.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1a.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1b.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1b.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1c.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1c.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1d.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1d.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1e.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1e.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1f.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1f.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1g.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1g.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1h.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1h.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1i.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1i.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1j.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1j.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1k.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1k.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1l.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1l.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1m.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1m.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1n.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1n.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1o.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1o.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1p.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1p.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1q.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1q.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1r.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1r.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1s.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1s.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1t.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1t.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1u.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1u.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1v.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1v.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1w.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1w.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1x.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1x.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1y.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1y.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\image1z.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Location\image1z.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Location\Thumbs.db	<--> started processing
 
ERROR: 
images\gallery\Location\Thumbs.db
Details:	This image is not considered an image that can be added
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
 
 
images\gallery\Studio
images\gallery\Studio\image1.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Studio\image1.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Studio\image11.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Studio\image11.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Studio\image12.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Studio\image12.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Studio\image13.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Studio\image13.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Studio\image14.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Studio\image14.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Studio\image2.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Studio\image2.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Studio\image3.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Studio\image3.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Studio\image4.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Studio\image4.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Studio\image5.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Studio\image5.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Studio\image6.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Studio\image6.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Studio\image7.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Studio\image7.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Studio\image8.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Studio\image8.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Studio\image9.jpg	<--> started processing
images\gallery\Studio\image9.jpg	<--> successfully processed
 
images\gallery\Studio\Thumbs.db	<--> started processing
 
ERROR: 
images\gallery\Studio\Thumbs.db
Details:	This image is not considered an image that can be added
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
 
